Fan Jiaqi, why is there nothing wrong with you?
How can I see that I'm okay?
I seem to be very disappointed that you have offended Mr. Jie
Are you still being arrogant here?
Oh, I see.
Jie Shao doesn't want to see me on a big day today
That's why I spared you, right?
What else?
You picked up a dog's life, it really can't move life
Let's go back
You need to buck some classmates
You are rich and powerful, we are classmates
You have nothing.
Sorry, we
Just don't talk about it when you're outside
You and we are two different worlds
Don't try to climb us
To lower our value
It's really not a world to me
only
It's you who don't like me
Don't shoot here
Oh, by the way, you left your fiancée
Did he go back on his word?
I don't want you anymore.
This must have been watching Master Wanjie's wedding
Feel the difference
I see
Wan Jiaqi's pockets are cleaner than her face
How did you do it
This Woman
So familiar
Isn't this Wan Jiaqi's woman?